1) Snowflake is Cloud Based Data Warehouse

2) It Provide services like Data Storage, Processing and Analytics.

3) ETL and ELT - Extract, Transform, Load - Same concept but Steps is difference - In Transform it will check the data's is formated or not is every key is proper n all or it will remove the duplicate data's etc.

4) Credit Systems while Creating Warehouse - XS-1-Credit, S-2, M-4, L-8, XL-16, 4XL-128

5) While Creating the Warehouse set setting of timer if the warehouse is not in use, lets suppose 5 min then is Automatically suspend, then we have to manually run that Warehouse

6) For Business type Account it's Provide more Security

7) Resource Monitors - Control and Monitors credit usage of warehouse and account - We can create RS for account level also and Individual Warehouse also 

8) When we have to Access Stages then we need to use @ example: @aws_stage

9) CAST Functions is use for the changing the Data Type

10) For Optimization from our side - Assigning Data types, Sizing Warehouse, Cluster Keys, Create Dedicated Warehouse

11) Everything Stores in Warehouses Like Tables, Data's, Cluster's etc.

12) Roles - AccountAdmin handle's SecurityAdmin, SystemAdmin Features, then SecurityAdmin manage's UserAdmin, then SystemAdmin can Create Warehouses, Databases, then In OrganizationAdmin handle's Top Level Things

13) Snowflake fail-safe - It means it perform the data backup on daily basis , to secure our data if we mesh something but this process is expensive and time consuming

14) Snowflake Snowpipe - It use for the continuously loading data into Snowflake table, and Its Serverless

15) Zero Copy Cloning - It's a feature which provide the easy way to copy the table, schema, or database without any costs.

16) Stream  It's a feature where we can track the changes in the data for a table, Standard - Append Only - Insert only - It's also called as Change Data Capture (CDC).
17) Time Travel - Basically we can find the old data from here. MAX 90 days Old from Permanent table, SELECT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP - Table, Database, Schemas - We can restore also and make a          clone also
SELECT * FROM PART before (statement => 'your-query-id');

18) show SCHEMAS history 

19) Restore the Deleted Databases - undrop database (database_name)

20) Command for Bulk Loading - COPY INTO <table>

21) Clustering Key - Subsets of Columns - basically for proper identification - Once we give the clutser key to database then only the clustering is enabled.

22) Cluster - Grouping a Bunch of Values into a record

23) Materialized Views - Means Suppose we applies multiple filter to find data's and we can save that data as buffer/cache for future use. So we don't hit the big query again n again
Don't use MV when data changes very frequent, Maintenance Cost high, Alternative is Stream and

24) CLONE - Zero Copy Clone

25) Swapping - ALTER TABLE table_name
               SWAP WITH target_table_name

26) SHARE - Use  for Sharing the data

27) Data Products > Private Sharing > Shared by Your Account > Now we can change our data and also we can add more consumers to data access.

28) Data Sampling Methods - It's Load Data fastley ROW or BERNOULII Method and BLOCK or SYSTEM Method -  SAMPLE ROW (1) SEED(27), SAMPLE SYSTEM (10) SEED(23);
                            ROWS give's the better data.


29) Best Practices - Warehouse - Enable Auto Suspend and Auto Resume, Set Appropriate timeouts, Choose size based on workload 
                     Table Design - Set Cluster Keys when data is large

30) TASK - Use for Scheduling the Task.

31) Data Masking - Meand We can see the data in *** View - Example : 1234 to ****